Long's brothers are welcome
Brother Long, do you have any orders?
They these days
At every turn, the company is forced to sign any illegal contracts
Forcing people to remove from the shelves and kill people
What do you say?
Don't worry, Brother Long.
I'll settle it for you
Why did you hear that you are going to touch my friend?
This guy is a security guard.
How could it be the Asura God of War?
Your friend
Does my friend want you to decide?
Sorry Shura God of War
I have no eyeballs
I didn't know he was your friend.
I apologize to you.
Asura God of War
You see my mother is still tied up by them
Damn it, don't let the old man go
Go go go go go
Mom, are you okay?
It's okay, don't worry.
No one will bully you again
Good idea.
Come on, hit me, kill me
No, no, no.
I really didn't know you knew Asura War God
Don't I know Shura warriors?
Civilians deserve to be oppressed by you, right?
No no no no
And you, aren't you going to kill me?
I dare not, aren't you going to rob a woman with me?
And his company
dare not dare
These people who bring disaster to the country and the people know how to deal with it
I will send them all to the dark prison
Never see the light